#labels PM
#Notes from the meeting with Joelle held on the 15th Dec at 2pm.

Just some notes for today's meeting.. 

-From January, Joelle will be taking up a job as a medical interpreter. She would like to advertise this somehow on her website (perhaps the About page). She would also like customers to be able to contact her about this work. She seemed happy with the Contact page for this.

-She will mainly be doing English to French translations when the website starts up. She would however like it to be easy to add Italian in the future.

-Some more clarification on how she quotes jobs: She had never quoted a job from a client before as she works for an agency. She is unable to provide any examples of work because of customer confidentiality. We discussed giving regular customers discounts and explained how our current system would allow her to do this anyway, simply by entering her own quote. She could then send a note to the customer e.g. "Your total price is £250 based on a discount of 10% loyalty bonus" and so on. She strongly emphasised that a job quote is based on the context of the document, and does not want the system to calculate any prices. She reiterated that prices are in pounds, euros, and dollars based on the customers request. Some of her work has been in Canada so it is highly likely that she will receive different currency requests.

-A *new requirement* has surfaced today. She wants her customers to be able to specify deadlines when they submit a job. She should then be able to respond to the customer via email or some in system notification if she will be able to complete the work within the deadline, and if not, she will extend the deadline (given that the customer is happy with that)

-She explained that she had been very busy over the past couple months and has not been able to look over Paul's step-by-step guide on setting up the website hosting and domain name. She said that she would be more likely to set this up next year. 

-She asked us to have a page for her with usage statistics for the website, mentioning page visits per day and work completed in a month.

-She is happy for us to set up a public Facebook page for her and integrate it with the website. 

-Lastly, she mentioned that she had been looking at 'similar websites' and is going to email us with some features that she likes about them. She seemed to like our current prototype.

In summary:
-Jobs need to be flexible between her and the client. The website should allow her to negotiate when she completes a job and how much she is paid for it.
-She needs to maintain strong communication with customers through e-mail.